[Task] Replacing typeloader with class resolver (#14509)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/20_Extending_Pimcore/13_Bundle_Developers_Guide/08_Adding_Document_Types.md

> Previously, the only way to define custom documents was to create them in a special namespace `Pimcore\Model\Document`. This

Reviewer: IMHO this doc should be more in absolute terms, the relative "Previously" may lose the intended sense and purpose in the long run.
 
```suggestion
Prior 10.6, the only way to define custom documents was to create them in a special namespace `Pimcore\Model\Document`. This
```

Maybe the first line should be something that explain the current state first eg.
```
Defining custom documents can be done in the config via a static mapping from document type to class name.
```
and potentially should move the "historical description" behind or into the Upgrade Notes instead.

Author: I would leave it in the document to make sure that defining it in the namespace is still possible but reorder it

            map:
                book: \App\Model\Document\Book
```

### Do not use to override a class

The type_definitions should only be used to add new documents.
If you want to override an existing class please use the `pimcore:models:class_overrides` instead.

> For a more detailed explanation see [Overriding Models](https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/tree/11.x/doc/Development_Documentation/20_Extending_Pimcore/03_Overriding_Models.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more detailed explanation see [Overriding Models](../../03_Overriding_Models.md).
```
relative path would be better, ~please also verify why the 11.x doc is missing, potentially a remote tracking merge problem from 10.6 into 11~ the path was wrong, there's an extra slug `Development_Documentation`, should be https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/blob/11.x/doc/20_Extending_Pimcore/03_Overriding_Models.md instead

Author: https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/blob/11.x/doc/20_Extending_Pimcore/13_Bundle_Developers_Guide/08_Adding_Document_Types.md I don't see a problem with the 11.x?

Reviewer: - that one is the right one, the current url in the branch and before this PR is 
https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/tree/11.x/doc/Development_Documentation/20_Extending_Pimcore/03_Overriding_Models.md

- I noticed that i've suggested wrong, it seems there's an extra `../`
